Daimler Truck
 Client Interview : L2
 Organized by : Shaik Abdul Subani
In a development cycle, what all activities did you perform in your last project.
My technical skill set.
If I am asking you to write an api, explain me the control flow with code/annotations that you'll write to perform the action.
How do you remove unused dependency from your project.
Which ORM tool have you used in your last project.
How do you write Native SQL query in your code and where do you write it.
Suppose, there are 3 microservices, A,B and C. If anyone fails, how do you resolve such scenarios.
How comfortable are you to work as an individual contributor?
If there a short term project coming with a different skill set, like python, How comfortable are you to learn and work on it.
If there's a conflict, say I am asking you to write a solution and your approach to the solution is different and optimised. How will you convince me to accept your solution?
Write a program to find duplicates from the list.

Panel : Hiran Rajeev(24-06)
1. Input: Happy Xmas to you Output: yppaH samx ot uoy
2. Create 4 Employee object (name,address,dept,age). Write Java code to get Employees whose age is greater than 25
3. Explain about project, technologies used, communication pattern, your role
4. How did you communicate between microservices
5. How did you communicate between front-end and backend
6. Explain control flow of API request from client
7. Write SQL query for get employee age greater than 25
8. Write SQL query to get name and address from Employee and Address table (write join query)
9. In above(7) sort the above result based on name

18-Jun
Introduction
Last project you've worked on, feature developed, explain the functionality and challenge that you've faced
String vs StringBuffer vs StringBuilder
Internal working of HashMap
Garbage Collection in Java
How can Garbage Collection tunning can impact performance
In a multi-threaded environment, How will you manage a variable to ensure data consistency/integrity
Scenario : Write code to demostrate the scenario : There are 2 threads, and they are incrementing the counter.
Annotations used in SpringBoot application
Spring vs Springboot
int[] arr = {1,2,2,5,3,2}; // getDuplicate from the given array
List<Employee> where Employee{id,dept,salary}, need to find sum of salaries of employees from each department using streams.
How do you avoid deadlock in multithreading?
Scenario : I have a situation where indefinite number of threads are there and at a time I can only work with let say, 10 threads, how can I implement this situation?
Do you know about threadpool?
JavaScript : 
  Difference between var, let and const
  What is hoisting in JavaScript?
  Difference between null and undefined.
  Closure in JavaScript.
  How is arrow function different from normal function?
Runnable vs Callable, usecase scenario
List<Employee> where Employee{id,dept,salary} need to find Employees, from each department with second highest salary using streams.


